. create a wrapper script for the 'asciidoc' command
    v name: dendron-page
    v args:
        v input file
        v output file
    v if 'attribs.txt' in same dir as input file: add '-a LINE' to the 'asciidoc' command for every LINE found in 'attribs.txt'
    . only if input file is newer than output file?
        . and attribs.txt is newer than output file.
        --> not in script but in makefile rule. input file & attribs.txt are dependencies of the target (output file)
    v for every 'iattribs.txt' in same dir as input file or one of the parent dirs : add their attribute definitions to 'asciidoc' command line.
    --> every iattribs.txt found 'upstream' from input file must become a dependency in makefile rule of output file.

. 'files' directory adjacent to input file: must be kept in sync with an identical dir adjacent to output file.
    . files:
        . added
        . removed
        . renamed
        . edited
      must be handled properly by this sync mechanism
    . How to do this with GNU Make?
        . use rsync command?
        . it would be good if Make knew when both dirs are still in sync
          and nothing needs to be done instead of always calling sync
          command blindly.
        . how to tell if source dir is 'newer' than target dir?

. Create dendron theme
    . name of the theme?
        --> dendron
    . for comparison, default asciidoc theme can be used easily this way

. Define an attribute containing the relative path from the page to the dendron base dir
    . Let dendron-page determine the base dir every time?
        . or only when an environment variable DENDRON_BASE_DIR si not defined?

. recreate anthos page style & layout

. use tocbot
    https://tscanlin.github.io/tocbot/

. testbed:
    v code HL
    . MathJax
        v asciimath/latexmath
    . try to use js/css directly,
      not the ones provided by asciidoc:
        . pygments
        . mathjax

. small js image gallery

. html5 audio/video

v Create a test page with examples of all asciidoc markup
    --> prj03

v change html header & footer in conf
    v define in custom conf file
    v js & css not inline in html

v render without conf
    --> doesn't work. error.

